Restructuring README (#113)
nephio-project/docs: README.md

# Nephio documentation

> This repository contains the source filed for the documentation for the [Nephio](https://nephio.org/) project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source files for the documentation for the [Nephio](https://nephio.org/) project. 
```

The documentation is served from [docs.nephio.org](https://docs.nephio.org/) and the status of our Netlify build is

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/9a7a49cd-9710-49c7-bd97-1dfb2272717c/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/nephio/deploys)

## Status of the documentation

> In this release the documentation was moved from a GitHub based documentation to a Hugo / Docsy based site. We are still working on the restructuring the content and finalizing the look and feel of the page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, a a Hugo / Docsy based documentation site was introduced for the Nephio documentation. The source documentation remains the Markdown files in the Github repo and the Hugo / Docsy documentation is generated from the Markdown files. We are still working on the restructuring the content and finalizing the look and feel of the page. 
```

Reviewer 2: I would be more specific about the release
```suggestion
In R2 release, a Hugo / Docsy based documentation site was introduced for the Nephio documentation. Hugo / Docsy uses the Markdown files hosted in the Github repo to generate the documentation website. We are still working on the restructuring the content and finalizing the look and feel of the website.
```
